== Welcome to BracketD

BracketD is a result of a less-than-24-hours hackathon by @akosipc via conversations with @rafaeloca & @pageman .
The name of the project is a reference to "Bracket D" as quoted from an article in Rapppler (http://www.rappler.com/move-ph/23894-up-student-kills-self-unpaid-tuition):

* Students under Bracket A pay P1,500 per unit while Bracket B students pay P1,000 per unit. 
* Brackets C and D students pay P600 and P300 per unit, respectively. 
* Students categorized under  Bracket E are exempted from paying tuition. 
* The student was categorized as a Bracket D student, paying P300 per unit, even if she had applied for a Bracket E bracket. 
* She has since been appealing for a lower bracket since the STFAP results came out earlier this school year.

=== BracketD is in memory of Kristel Tejada - hopefully no Bracket D scholar should suffer the same fate again.


== Website

Visit @ http://bracketd.herokuapp.com

== Created by
@akosipc
@rafaeloca
@pageman

== License

This work is licensed under the Common Public Attribution License Version 1.0 (CPAL-1.0)

http://opensource.org/licenses/CPAL-1.0

“The contents of this file are subject to the Common Public Attribution License Version 1.0 (the “License”); 
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 
http://opensource.org/licenses/CPAL-1.0 . The License is based on the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 
but Sections 14 and 15 have been added to cover use of software over a computer network and provide for limited 
attribution for the Original Developer. In addition, Exhibit A has been modified to be consistent with Exhibit B.
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an “AS IS” basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either 
express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.

The Original Code is at http://github.com/akosipc/bracketd .

The Original Developer is the Initial Developer and is @akosipc .

The Initial Developer of the Original Code is @akosipc . 

All portions of the code written by @akosipc are Copyright (c) 2013. All Rights Reserved.

Contributors are @rafaeloca & @pageman .
